Hello and welcome in this new section that we go into discover another future of the VM where this fit.
So in this section we're going to talk about do resource pool and do the job.
So the first question is what is a resource pool.
And so let's start we do resource pool as we know every host have some additional support our physical
hosts or our server like HP Dell over Iraq have some resource pool that's me.
We talk about to do resouce available in the toast.
It's about the speed the memory and storage.
So when we talk about the resource pool we talk about those hardware that we used to run an operating
system or our virtual machine et cetera.
So we have to see you.
We know that every machine or every operation system or a virtual machine need to consume the C.P. need
also to have some memory.
Also we have a large pool of course when we talk about the storage in our resource pool of the where
we do not mean to size.
We talk about the input output the speed of using to store us.
But of course in Arctic region derogatively where we there is much control the storage because we used
external storage and external storage work alone with it eat out inputs and outputs.
So in the real environment are we going to talk about C.P and don't mean more.
When is V.M. Where is pare down to manage the resource pool.
We managed to do more so as we know when we have a host that have a superior memory and we start creating
virtual machine we can create ultimate number of virtual machine.
For example a horse with the 10 gigabyte of RAM can support up to five virtual machine with two gigabytes
of room.
But in the real environment we can create one of those virtual machine and give it 4G got bit of RAM
or maybe 6 or even we can be a bit of a brain than we have in the physical host.
For example the top 10 gigabyte of Rob we can create a virtual machine with 16 gigabyte offering.
So this is idea of the resource pool because we start getting some overcommitment of the resource pool
available in the host.
Also we have another situation for example we have five virtual machine in say the host every virtual
machine have 4G garbage of RAM but it's consume only 2 gigabytes of RAM and the total available in the
physical host is about changing bytes.
So does virtual machine work perfectly.
But in a case one of those virtual machine start consuming more than a gigabyte available to me and
start consume 4G gobshites but mean it take the rain from another virtual machine.
If one of those virtual machines consume 4G gobshites that's another machine.
Can't find any free rein to use it.
And that will give us a problem in our environment.
That's mean overloading of resource.
So for that we have an option that's kind of through was that Paul Willis asked to manage the resource
in our host.
Perfect lead to avoid overloading or virtual machine consume the resource of the other virtual machine
sit down.
So it will help us to manage do different resource pool we have in the physical host.